So now let's go and add another servlet,
and in this one we'll use the dispatch mechanism to
dispatch a call to our first servlet.
So we have two async servlets, one dispatching a call to another.
So we do this to show that we can dispatch calls while doing async work.
And again, we'll show the events that fire when these calls are dispatched.
This new class is called DispatchAsyncServlet.
Again, this is a servlet that has asyncSupported set to true.
We'll add a doGet method, and in here we do the same as previously,
start the async context, wire up a listener,
and print out similar messages to the async servlet.
However, rather calling start, we dispatch a call to the first servlet.
The URL to dispatch it to is /simple.
Again we can deploy,
and if we now browse to /async/dispatch and then look at the logs,
we see the doGet, start, and complete messages,
but notice we also see an onStartAsync message.
We see this logged in the dispatch servlet.
Remember, we dispatch to the simple servlet, then call startAsync.
And this causes the onStart event to fire on the listener,
and this is the listeners registered by the dispatch servlets.
Also notice the thread ID of the calls.
They again happen on different threads.
The doGet and onStartAsync happen on the same initial thread,
start happens on a thread created for the lambda, and onComplete happens on a thread used for the events again.